Could one take a micro dose of a GLP
peptide to curb their appetite while
they're doing this? Now, keep in mind
forgen's already going to suppress your
appetite to some degree. So, I'm like,
well, if I'm going to talk about this, I
need to try it. So, I got a hold of the
new GLP3.
So, there's three mechanisms of action
and I did a micro dose of it. What used
to be an 8 out of 10 difficulty for me
in in fasting for five straight days
became a 2 out of 10 with just 1 millig
of this GLP3. Anybody can do this.
[Music]
Hi, my name is John Jquish.
I'm a doctor of biomedical engineering
and that gives me a unique perspective
on all sorts of things health related.
Today I want to do a bit of a followup
on a video I did called this is the diet
you are looking for. So
that diet as I described in that video
is called a proteinsparing
modified fast. If you want to read about
it, you need to search for those terms
in that order. Otherwise, you will not
find it. I know it sounds like a
conspiracy theory or something's being
hidden from us, but you can search on
fasting all you want. You'll never find
the protein sparing modified fast until
you look up specifically that.
So, what is a protein sparing modified
fast? Well, it's actually not a fast.
So, I didn't come up with this obviously
cuz I wouldn't have called it that. What
it is is really eating protein
in isolation or as isolated as possible
for the purposes of maintaining
cellular health, cellular reproduction.
the muscle protein synthesis. So, new
cells being created, new actuaries being
created within the cells actin and
meiosin coming together thickens muscle
cells is is a is is myofal growth of
muscular tissue. That's what that's
called. So, how do we approach a protein
sparing modified fast? Well, I used to
do something that I called foragen
fasting. So, fortigen, it's an essential
amino acid complex. I would take that in
isolation,
six servings a day for five days, as in
that's the only thing I ate was a
supplement basically. And this
supplement ends up being at at six
servings, 24 calories a day. Now I have
very very strong willpower.
So not eating for 5 days and only having
foragen which is an appetite suppressant
in itself because protein is satiating.
I could do it but on a scale of 1 to 10
difficulty it's like an eight for me.
And that says a lot because like I said
I have great willpower. So, I did it a
couple of times and one of my friends
who's notorious in the X3 community,
Muel Lorenzo, he did it with me one of
the times. And so, no food, just forgen
for 5 days. Obviously, we dropped a
bunch of body fat, did not lose any
muscle and oddly muscle bumped up just a
little bit right after rehydration.
That might suggest that we were building
muscle the entire time. It just is hard
to see
until you rehydrate. So, I think a lot
of people who think they lose muscle
when they're even at a calorie deficit
and a protein surplus, make sure that
cuz if you're going up in strength but
down in body weight, you're not losing
muscle. Like, I got news for you. Like,
it takes a bigger machine to make a
greater amount of force.
All other things relative. And since you
are the same person every time you do
something,
all things are relative or controlled
for
probably a better way to say that. So
what I did recently, and here's some
before and after video of day zero and
day five, I lost 14 lbs
of scale weight in 5 days of doing this
protein sparing modified fast. Now, the
only reason I did it again, I I sort of
abandoned the idea a while ago because I
I really wasn't sure where the science
was going to land on whether we lose
muscle when we're fasting or my theory
was we don't lose muscle at all. It's
just tough to see. And there's quite a
bit of evidence specifically in a
fasting study that showed the fasting
group gained muscle even without
exercise. But they allowed the
individuals to rehydrate in between the
fasts. So it was multiple short fasts
and then they were eating normally in
between. So given that
plus what we now know about protein
sparing modified fasts, turns out that
forgen really does everything you need
it to do. Now, it is not the entirety of
human nutrition, but it's a lot of it
because it's everything you need from a
protein perspective that your body
cannot make itself. Essential amino
acids have to be sourced externally.
Non-essential amino acids your body
makes. So, you don't need to worry about
those. I dropped this 14 pounds. Then, I
rehydrated. And after rehydration, my
net loss was eight pounds. So quite a
bit of water there. But after that water
was replaced, my net fat loss was 8 lbs
and that was in 5 days.
So basically a very small amount of
dieting from a time perspective and wow
a lot of results. So,
in order to do this for most people, I
think because of the willpower issue, it
might be tough. However, I'm not
recommending this. I'm just saying one
could go about doing it. And somebody's
bound to ask the question anyway, so I
might as well address it. Could one take
a micro dose of a GLP peptide to curb
their appetite while they're doing this?
Now, keep in mind forgen's already going
to suppress your appetite to some
degree. So, I'm like, well, if I'm going
to talk about this, I need to try it.
So, I got a hold of the new GLP3.
So, there's three mechanisms of action
and I did a micro dose of it. What used
to be an 8 out of 10 difficulty for me
in in fasting for five straight days
became a 2 out of 10 with just 1 millig
of this GLP3. Anybody can do this. It
was
so easy.
And what I would do if I were going to
go about doing this, now keep in mind
I'm not giving you any medical advice
here. You need to speak to a physician
about doing this. There'll be a link in
the video description
for physicians who would be able to talk
to you about this or healthcare
coordinators, what I should call them,
cuz I don't know what these
compoundingies
exactly who they're going to have you
talk to. But you definitely want to talk
to somebody who can screen you for
any of the potential side effects.
Though remember I've mentioned in past
videos peptides do occur naturally in
the body
including these. So the chances of
something going really badly are let's
just say low. Certainly not non-existent
because you can definitely take too
much. I mean like insulin is a peptide.
If you take too much insulin it can kill
you. So I don't want people to think
just because it naturally occurs in the
body that it's safe and you can do
whatever you want with it. You do need
to follow instructions and follow
whatever your health care professional
or knowledgeable person is guiding you
through this experience.
But what I experienced,
and that's really all I can speak of, is
that the
lizard brain
mentality of let's say you have one of
the potato chips and you plan on only
having one, but then 15 minutes later
you ate the whole bowl.
That doesn't happen.
And when you can really stick to this
kind of fast and prioritize protein with
Foraggen,
wow. It turns out I lost absolutely no
muscle. Uh hard to measure if I gained
any because it's a very short period of
time and muscle gains are typically
measured on a you know at the very least
monthly not 5 days. So, but I didn't
lose any muscle and I have a number of
different ways of measuring body
composition and I did them all pretty
crystal clear. Also, I prred in strength
in a few different lifts during that
week and again on the two hydration
days. So, what I ended up doing was it's
a 7-day experience. 5 days, no food,
only six doses of per day starting with
that 1 millig of GLP3. didn't need to do
anything until about the sixth day when
I got my appetite back. Then I
prioritized fats and I kept taking six
doses of foragen per day because my
appetite wasn't fully back. So basically
what I was eating was eggs, liver, and
ribeye caps. Like the fattiest of
highfat stuff loaded with omega-3s,
essential fatty acids. so that my
connective tissue wouldn't dry out and
like my skin and my fingernails and my
my hair, what little of it I have, uh,
will grow normally. And so,
it ended up covering all my bases and
dropping body fat so fast. I'm a huge
fan of dropping body fat as fast as
possible because you want to spend more
time trying to gain muscle,
training it at full capacity.
And I see these guys who are torturing
themselves with a I don't know 600
calorie deficit and they're still eating
carbohydrates. So, they're just white
knuckling their way through life, which
I think sucks. And if you don't have to,
there's no merit badges for doing that.
Applying some of this and again making
sure
you talk to
whoever you need to talk to so that
you're sure that there aren't any side
effects or health complications and this
reconciles with your health background.
Like for example, they don't recommend
this for people who have
significant cancer in their background.
Not that anyone got cancer as a result
of this, but we'd rather be safe than
sorry. I'm sure everybody's heard that
expression before. I hope this
information really helped. I don't know
what you're going to do, and you can
certainly ask me a lot of questions in
the comments.
I would not have experimented with this
peptide if I thought it was bad,
especially at a micro dose. So, I
studied this for maybe a 100 hours
before I made the decision to try it.
I'm shocked at how pleasant an
experience it was. And at a micro dose,
like I didn't feel any nausea. I didn't
have any trouble sleeping. I didn't
nothing. I think the side effects
are from people who take way too much of
it. Now, being
animal protein heavy in your diet
beforehand definitely helps because
you're going to have less of an appetite
to begin with. So, keep these things in
mind and ask whatever questions you
want. And if there's a lot of great
questions in the comments, I'll do
another video to address all of those.
But, hope this was helpful. If this
video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you.